Clarify Calendar.new auto generated properties (#1459)
collective/icalendar: docs/tutorials/create-event-with-attendees.rst

First, you create a :class:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar`, the highest component type which can contain one or more subcomponents.
The Calendar component itself contains its own properties.

> When you create one using the :meth:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.new()` method, it automatically sets required and recommended properties.

Reviewer: I double-checked the RFC https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5545.html#section-3.7. As I interpret it, there are no required properties, only recommended. What do you think?

```suggestion
When you create one using the :meth:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.new()` method, it automatically sets both required and optional properties.
```

Author: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5545.html#section-3.6 (Calendar components)
```
                  ; The following are REQUIRED,
                  ; but MUST NOT occur more than once.
                  ;
                  prodid / version /
[...]
   An iCalendar object MUST include the "PRODID" and "VERSION" calendar
   properties.
```

https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5545.html#section-3.7.3 (PRODID)
```
   Conformance:  The property MUST be specified once in an iCalendar
      object.
```

https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5545.html#section-3.7.4 (VERSION)
```
   Conformance:  This property MUST be specified once in an iCalendar
      object.
```

Author: ...but other than that, the suggested wording SGTM, including it.

Reviewer: Thanks for verifying and finding the right sections for me. Now that I see that, I think we should replace "recommended" to "optional" for consistency with the RFC. Suggestions incoming.

> When you create one using the :meth:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.new()` method, it automatically sets required and recommended attributes that apply to the iCalendar object as a whole.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create one using the :meth:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.new()` method, it automatically sets both required and optional attributes that apply to the iCalendar object as a whole.
```

Author: I think "automatically" and "optional" do not play together well here. "Optional" is different from "recommended" as the latter is a term from the RFC, and setting optional arguments (in addition to required and recommended ones) does not actually happen "automatically", but they need to be given as arguments. Rephrased some accordingly.

Reviewer: This is better. Thank you!
